hello everybody I cover therapy
welcome to this new video
how many times we have put have been
imposed we say not really safe
well it happened to me to put it to
example outside a car
even outside a helicopter e
unfortunately I didn't have these yet
security laces we say they are
remained very anxious about losing
this camera means to go
about € 500 in smoke
well there are these laces in
safety of the words of about 10 euros
which allow us to say enjoy a
little more what you are
doing while your body is
thus filming available colors
we have yellow green fluo as far as
regards the measures we have
measuring 20 cm the sts me
30 centimeters and the skin that measures 45
centimeters therefore luckily these
laces that are produced entirely
in italy from the guys of go smooth with
highly existing par accord material
coming directly from the USA well
how they are made these straps have
two slots as you see at both ends
one end with only one thread
very thin that we will call the thread of
security and on the other hand we have one
Velcro tape the body in the middle is
covered with a rubber sheath taken
by some they are compatible with all
Cases that have a skeleton frame
feature that I come a lot
sectoral these laces and this thread
security guys this thread of
safety
it's a very crucial thread let's say why
is what should be reported in the promo needle
so let's see the two options
assembly that we have for these purposes
security on our go pro thread
which must be extremely durable
it's very thin to get inside
of our body and in particular for
as for mounting on
sportellino del lago pro
let's see just that
assembly consists in detaching it
cover from the talk ace and insert
our security thread on the septum
metallic of the door in this
way
once passed immediately below
metallic we will pass the loop of a
parà rope and carrying out all the thread
we are going to create the knot on the dr septum
metallic in this crucial way
in helping as much as this
passage because the wire must be
extreme and subtle is to be brought by
a part on one side of the door
in particular the left one
at this point we take the rest of the
houses and we adapt it to mental bear
that making sure that the thread
don't get stuck let's say you don't
fear even if the thread touches the lipstick
Metallic plastic parts will not go to
ruin just because it is made of
specially designed materials
and I refer to particular material
which the multifibra is the polyester
material on which the boys of cones yes
they do a lot of research and a lot of development
second method instead which does not provide for it
disassembly of the kate itself but exploits the
presence of screw ice below
kaiser then just take the
safety wire port between the two hooks
below the case in this way
and at this point
rea
to flip and reinsert inside
of the two plastic hooks of the pro lake
this will offer a security let's say of the
90 percent of the breakages of the
hooks of the lake prof
here and if a suction cup should come off
or break a hook anyway
externally to what is the case
your clumsy with the prof
however, it will be saved between the two
I prefer hooking methods
use the one that gives me 100 for
one hundred
going anyway with a minimum of
manual to remove the door of the
lake pro
finally we have to complete the assembly
of the goalie ski on the back inserting
the blue learn between the two
screw coupling other group companies
rock by inserting the screw inhabit
and going to anchor in a safe place
the velcro tape
a question that needs to be asked is which
goli length shes choose a
regardless of the price the s
it costs less than a l but which one is the most
comfortable well it depends on you know what it is
used
the advice I give you if for example
you want to use your goalie
shes for example on a helmet or where
however, the anchor point is a lot
near maybe the handlebars of a bike i
doors your dog points
anchor are always very close there
I recommend being a m obviously is
a middle l where the council
I recommend it in places where maybe the
anchor point is very distant
such as motorcycles and cars
the advice therefore that I give you which is to
my opinion if you want to save money and
avoid taking the bardo from three
laces take an f is a m is
definitely the most versatile thing that
you can have because joining the two
laccett you go to get a l
udu laccetti very simple just do
pass the slots one inside the other
we insert the second one
and at the end of the operation we will have ours
accept hooked and extended with from
a safety wire part
the knot is the good Velcro webbing
guys I hope this video can
to have been to your liking
comment on this video as well
if you will make some kind of doubt or
I also invite you to visit the
my facebook page where I published
a video with instructions to win
another of these goalie laces
shields I greet you and leave you at
resistance of these hello hands